								INTERNSHIP AT APPLIED INFORMATICS SOLUTIONS PVT.LTD. -SRINAGAR

				My name is Saahyl Rafiq Sheikh I joined Applied,Srinagar in the month of June as an Intern. To obtain my internship I had to clear a standard coding and logic assessment reviewed by some experienced team members of the company. The onboarding process here is professionally organised though keeping in view the fields of interest of the intern. 
				As there are two teams working here at Applied,Srinagar's office - Data Processing team and Web Development team, I was briefed by both team leaders. Soon after the briefing I was given the opportunity to work as an intern for the Data team under the leadership of Mr.Shahid Qadri. The learning process began with a proper documented to do list which had meager tasks scheduled for the first 2-3 weeks and then followed by more challenging jobs. After taking up a new technology to work upon, I today feel much more efficient and confidant than what I was at the beginning. The members at Applied played a vital role in my learning process, had they not been so co-operative and helping things would have not been easy.
				I would consider myself lucky for I got to know my colleagues very well through certain events that took place in a short span of time. There were some cricket matches played earlier that helped ease communication with all the members of the company. Later a visit was payed by one of the Directors of the company Mr.Danish Khan, a very jolly person, in a specific view to enhance communication and rapport among the employees. He invited some esteemed guests very renowned for soft skill development. This session was full of playful  interaction and roleplay not only among the employees but also the Director Mr.Danish Khan. Danish was so kind that he took us for a lunch on conclusion of the session. 
				The work environment here is so effectively managed that after some heavy working weeks we asked the company for an outing in the weekend and received positive acknowledgement and support for the same. This outing contributed a lot for mental relaxation and physical exercise. This was again a time when all the members were together exchanging harmonies.
				I consider my onboarding process at Applied Informatics Solutions a successful internship in terms of learning and getting along with the rest of the  team members. I would like to thank both the team members and the Director for providing us such a supportive and harmonious working environment.
